making tutorial for logging into a cluster more clear (#3574)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/1.4/tutorials/login-cluster/index.md

In this example, the Kommander cluster has two managed clusters on Azure but, as a user, you can only access the management cluster.

> 1. Go to the landing page, provided by an administrator, and select **Generate Kubectl Token**.

Author: good catch

   ![Konvoy Landing Page](/dkp/kommander/1.4/img/konvoy-landing-page.png)

1. Select the cluster you want to log into.

   ![Generate Kubernetes Token](/dkp/kommander/1.4/img/generate-kubernetes-token.png)

> 1. As a user having access to the management cluster, and wanting to generate a kubeconfig for this cluster, select the `Main` cluster and log in using an identity provider.

Reviewer: I am having troubles understanding what this sentence means.  Isn't the first part of this sentence redundant with the task description at the top of this procedure?   

Should we instead say:

```suggestion
1. Log in using an identity provider.
```
???

I also don't understand what `Main` cluster means here - is this different than the cluster I just selected in the previous step?

Author: Yeah, it's written a little clunky, that's one reason why I wanted to re-work this page... Let me re-work a bit more.

Author: Resolving this - just made a push - can you take a look again @cneth?

Error from server (Forbidden): pods is forbidden: User "user@yourcompany.com" cannot list resource "pods" in API group "" at the cluster scope
```

### Downloading a kubeconfig from the UI

> Certain managed clusters can also have the kubeconfig downloaded from the UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the UI to download certain managed clusters' kubeconfigs.
```
(or something like this)

Author: WAAY better. Thanks @gracedo

If you are in the **Clusters** page from the **Global** workspace view, or the **Clusters** page from any workspace with clusters, you can click on the three button action menu from the card, and select **Download kubeconfig**.

   ![Kommander Cards View](/dkp/kommander/1.4/img/download-kubeconfig-clusters-page.png)

If you are in the detailed page for the specific cluster, you can click on the top right **Actions** dropdown menu, and select **Download kubeconfig**.

  ![Kommander cluster details View](/dkp/kommander/1.4/img/download-kubeconfig-details-page.png)

> After downloaded, you can apply this kubeconfig to your `kubectl`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After it is downloaded, you can apply this kubeconfig to your `kubectl`.
```

> If you select the **Download kubeconfig** from the UI and Kommander presents a modal that says the kubeconfig is not available for download, you must retrieve the Kubernetes credentials using the [Access a cluster instructions][access-cluster].

Reviewer: Do we have an explanation as to why this doesn't always work?  It might be nice to lead with that, if it's not too much 'because reasons'. :-)

Reviewer 3: Let's open a JIRA for this.
